Text::BSV::* version 1.01

DESCRIPTION

    This distribution includes the following modules:

        Text::BSV::BsvFileReader - Defines a class for reading BSV data
        from a file and then turning the data into an array of field names
        plus one hash encapsulating each record.

        Text::BSV::BsvListReader - Defines a class for reading BSV data
        from a list of strings containing the rows (without end-of-line
        characters), including the header row, and then turning the data
        into an array of field names plus one hash encapsulating each
        record.

        Text::BSV::BsvWriter - Defines a class for generating BSV data from
        a list of field names and a list of references to hashes that
        encapsulate records.  The class provides a method for returning the
        BSV data as a reference to an array of strings, and a method for
        writing the BSV data to a file.

        Text::BSV::BsvParsing - Contains helper functions for parsing and
        generating BSV data.  These functions are used by the other modules.
        Although there is no prohibition against client code using these
        functions directly, there is little likelihood of that being useful.

      NOTE:  These modules use the Exception module for error handling.
      When an error occurs during the execution of a method (including a
      constructor), the method creates a new Exception object of the
      appropriate type and then passes it to "die".  When you call a
      constructor or method documented to throw an exception, do so within
      an "eval" statement and then query $EVAL_ERROR ($@) to "catch" any
      exceptions that occurred.  For more information, see the documentation
      for Exception.pm.  (Exception.pm is included with the distribution at
      the top level of the "lib" directory.)

    For information on the BSV (Bar-Separated Values) format itself, see the
    file named "bsv_format.txt".

REQUIREMENTS

    These modules require Perl 5, version 5.10.1 or later, and the Exception
    module included with the distribution at the top level of the "lib"
    directory.

INSTALLATION

    To install the modules included in this distribution, simply copy the
    contents of the "lib" directory (the file "Exception.pm" plus the "Text"
    directory with its BSV subdirectory and the files therein) to a location
    in @INC (for example, "/etc/perl" or "C:\Perl\site\lib").

AUTHOR

    Benjamin Fitch <blernflerkl@yahoo.com>

COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

    Copyright 2010 by Benjamin Fitch

    This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
    under the same terms as Perl itself.
